( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
=No Doubt In Us=
(Adapted from the Manman comic No Doubt in Us)
=Episode 16=
Empress Dowager,
Her Majesty's pulse shows no sign
of pregnancy.
What's going on?
Mother,
someone must have taken advantage
while the Xu generals and I were at war
to slander Xu Yu
and bring down the Xu family.
Once morale collapsed
on the battlefield,
we would surely have lost the war.
Whoever that person is,
their intentions are condemnable.
I nearly committed a grave error.
Your Majesty,
you must thoroughly investigate
who orchestrated this plot.
Don't worry, Mother.
I've already ordered
a covert investigation.
Mother,
you misunderstood me.
I dare to request an apology from you.
I'm the Empress,
the model for all.
Any stain on my dignity affects
my authority over the harem
and my ability to set
an example for our women.
Therefore,
I dare to ask for an apology
from you.
(Is Jinyun)
(standing up for me?)
Mother,
I also sincerely request
you to clear her name.
This was indeed
my fault for not trusting Xu Yu.
I should apologize.
Issue the command.
From this day forward,
anyone who spreads malicious gossip
will face severe palace punishment.
Thank you, Mother.
Marshal Xu Han, dispatched to the north,
resisted the barbarian tribes,
pushed back the Houyi troops,
and befriended Dada.
His contributions are huge.
The members of the Xu family
are all loyal and righteous,
serving the empire
and protecting His Majesty.
Xu Han is hereby made
First-Class Marquis.
The title shall be hereditary.
Your Majesty, I am overwhelmed.
My family and I
are unworthy.
Mr. Xu, please rise quickly.
Thank you.
Your Majesty,
the late Emperor said,
Chen requires civil governance.
For military officers,
grant troops but not authority,
grant authority but not titles,
and grant titles but not troops.
Your Majesty's bestowment
upon Marshal Xu is truly inappropriate.
As the Emperor,
I reward and punish fairly.
What is inappropriate?
Your Majesty,
a title of First-Class Marquis
can still gain acceptance,
but making it hereditary
contravenes ancestral regulations.
If anyone can make Dada, Houyi,
or any foreign tribe submit
a state letter and pledge allegiance,
whether scholar or general,
I will grant the title
of First-Class Marquis.
(From Dada's Huna)
Your Majesty,
you're up so early?
I was unaware
that while campaigning abroad,
you still had energy to land me
in a romantic entanglement.
The only men I interacted with
were my father and brother.
Romantic entanglement?
Queen of Dada, Huna,
is coming to offer congratulations.
Isn't friendly relations
between our two nations a great boon?
A boon?
So you mean
you anticipated she would
send you a love letter?
This letter
begins with the words,
"My longing for you flows like a river."
That's impossible!
How could this love letter be for me?
I'm a woman.
Oh, right!
I was using Your Majesty's body.
You...
Are you suggesting
that I take a concubine?
You're quite generous, aren't you?
Your Majesty.
That's not what I meant.
As you know,
in my heart,
there is only...
Only what?
Only...
You're here.
Sit.
How's it?
Your Majesty,
I've studied the sacred Soul Silk
sent by Queen Huna all night
and finally conceived
a method to swap souls back.
But...
it requires cooperation from you two.
How do we cooperate?
During the moment of thunder,
Your Majesties,
as yin and yang,
must make intimate contact.
Intimate?
Contact?
Like what I saw when I entered just now.
That's easy, right?
Right.
Before the thunder arrives,
Your Majesties,
please practice more.
Practice more.
(Fengyi Palace)
We...
We just start like this?
Then what should we do?
How about we eat first?
Fine.
Eat first.
Why are we drinking so late at night?
This is medicinal wine
I brought back from Dada.
It nourishes yin and strengthens yang.
My body doesn't need strengthening.
You...
You were poisoned with a fake pregnancy.
You still need recuperation.
You haven't taken today's medicine.
This...
This medicine is terribly bitter.
You can't refuse to take it
just because it's bitter.
If it weren't for your health,
why would I take such bitter medicine?
Wasn't it because of you
that I was poisoned
and now, I have to take
a bitter tonic to recover?
Xu Yu.
Your Majesty.
Take it.
It's time
to take your medicine.
I'll do it myself.
Come on.
What's wrong?
T-This medicine
is too bitter to sip slowly.
Let it cool a bit more.
I'll take it all at a time, okay?
How bitter can it be?
Silly.
How am I silly?
If you weren't silly,
would you have tested it for me?
Xu Yu!
Mother.
Don't worry.
His Majesty is blessed.
He will be fine.
How is His Majesty?
Empress Dowager,
His Majesty is poisoned.
But the symptoms differ
from common poisons.
I can't find an antidote now.
Is His Majesty's life in danger?
Not for now.
But His Majesty
is unlikely to wake up soon.
Mother.
My child!
Empress Dowager,
Grand Master Zhang is here.
Grand Master Zhang.
Let him in.
Mother,
why has he suddenly come to the palace?
When His Majesty campaigned in Dada,
I was always uneasy,
so I frequently summoned
Grand Master Zhang.
Empress Dowager.
You've come at just the right time.
Come examine His Majesty.
He's unconscious.
I'm terribly anxious!
Don't worry, Empress Dowager.
A few nights ago, I observed
the celestial phenomena.
The Emperor Star appeared dim.
Evil spirits have entered His Majesty.
If you trust me,
I'll perform a ritual tomorrow
at noon to expel the evil spirits.
I believe His Majesty will awaken.
Good.
Do it tomorrow at noon.
Just let us know
if you need anything.
What is he doing?
Before the ritual starts,
no one may speak.
I will assist.
His Majesty's safety is paramount.
He cannot be left alone with you.
I am the Empress.
I should be by his side.
What is that?
Please remain calm, Empress Dowager.
To save His Majesty,
we must use fire therapy.
If the process is interrupted rashly,
His Majesty will be in danger.
Your Majesty!
What kind of trick is this?
You performed it just now.
Why is this one different?
I know you can fight,
so I have mixed
a little knockout incense
into the flames.
Who exactly are you?
Do you find
my voice
familiar?
Marquis of Zhenbei!
Jinming!
What's wrong?
Go to save His Majesty!
Alright!
No!
Xu Yu!
You're awake!
I'll push you out of the fire later.
We cannot both die here.
No!
Xu Yu.
In our next life,
wait for me.
No!
If we cannot live together,
we shall die together.
♪Parting clouds
to pluck the waxing moon♪
♪Brewing a pot of bygone years♪
♪Chill flame, window shade,
console my grieving soul♪
♪Drunk through lifetimes
with no dreams returned♪
♪If not for letting go, how could I
bear to shatter this dream♪
♪Returning to drift
through the mortal world♪
♪Like her, like me, like you♪
♪Hairpins carved
with endless sighs and regrets♪
♪Fate laid bare my deepest thoughts♪
♪Like vows, like remorse, like love♪
♪Loving, hurting,
and regretting our late meeting♪
♪Tell me, after all this entanglement,
who regrets it more♪